Susu this is Susu
It's hard work
I only have this sister.
Suzhou, you know the situation
You can definitely save him
Right, Suzhou, I beg you, Suzhou
It's useless to talk too much
This is the medicine I prepared.
Hurry up and eat for him
This medicine will immediately kill the heart fruit in his body
Hurry up
Stop
This is Crane Top Red
If you help Miss Nie, you will surely die
What kind of medical skills does this young master know?
He is raping
Human life cannot be trusted
You are
sin
Family Master Nie, please believe me
This crane top red can instantly poison an elephant
Miss Nie will die without a doubt
Although I don't know this prince's son
Why do you know how to fight poison with poison?
It's hard work to understand the food
But there isn't a set of stitches that fit.
I learned in the book that Nian Susu will definitely be poisoned
This is my chance.
Young Master Yisu doesn't deserve to lick my shoes
Brother Ye, I'm not against you
This is Miss Guan Nie's life
Don't mess around
Just listen to my brother Chen
Back off, don't feed Miss Nie this poison
Mother dear
Su Yi is no better
That's also the prince of the elf
Without complete certainty
I dare not feed medicine to Miss Nie
And Brother Chen by your side
As far as I know
He's just a normal guy.
A person who doesn't even know how to do medicine
Why doubt Su Yuze?